I have occasionally had the silly feeling that a TV or radio broadcaster knew I was listening to him.
"I have felt that there were messages for me in the way things were arranged, like in a store window."
"Things sometimes seem to be in different places when I get home, even though no one has been there."
I have never doubted that my dreams are the products of my own mind.
I have noticed sounds on my records that are not there at other times.
I have had the momentary feeling that someone's place has been taken by a look alike.
I have never had the feeling that certain thoughts of mine really belonged to someone else.
I have wondered whether the spirits of the dead can influence the living.
At times I perform certain little rituals to ward off negative influences.
I have felt that I might cause something to happen just by thinking too much about it.
"At times, I have felt that a professor's lecture was meant especially for me."
I have sometimes felt that strangers were reading my mind.
"If reincarnation were true, it would explain some unusual experiences I have had."
I sometimes have a feeling of gaining or losing energy when certain people look at me or touch me.
It is not possible to harm others merely by thinking bad thoughts about them.
"I have sometimes sensed an evil presence around me, although I could not see it."
People often behave so strangely that one wonders if they are part of an experiment.
The government refuses to tell us the truth about flying saucers.
I almost never dream about things before they happen.
I have sometimes had the passing thought that strangers are in love with me.
The hand motions that strangers make seem to influence me at times.
Good luck charms don't work.
I have sometimes been fearful of stepping on sidewalk cracks.
Numbers like 13 and 7 have no special powers.
I have had the momentary feeling that I might not be human.
I think I could learn to read others' minds if I wanted to.
Horoscopes are right too often for it to be a coincidence.
Some people can make me aware of them just by thinking about me.
I have worried that people on other planets may be influencing what happens on Earth.
"When introduced to strangers, I rarely wonder whether I have known them before."
I have usually found lovemaking to be intensely pleasurable.
"When eating a favorite food, I have often tried to eat slowly to make it last longer."
"I have often enjoyed the feel of silk, velvet, or fur."
I have sometimes enjoyed feeling the strength in my muscles.
"Dancing, or the idea of it, has always seemed dull to me."
 I have always found organ music dull and unexciting.
The taste of food has always been important to me.
"I have had very little fun from physical activities like walking, swimming, or sports."
I have seldom enjoyed any kind of sexual experience.
"On hearing a good song, I have seldom wanted to sing along with it."
I have always hated the feeling of exhaustion that comes from vigorous activity.
The color that things are painted has seldom mattered to me.
The sound of rustling leaves has never much pleased me.
Sunbathing isn't really more fun than lying down indoors.
There just are not many things that I have ever really enjoyed doing.
I don't know why some people are so interested in music.
Flowers aren't as beautiful as many people claim.
I have always loved having my back massaged.
I never wanted to go on any of the rides at an amusement park.
Trying new foods is something I have always enjoyed.
The warmth of an open fireplace hasn't especially soothed and calmed me.
Poets always exaggerate the beauty and joys of nature.
"When I have seen a statue, I have had the urge to feel it."
I have always had a number of favorite foods.
I don't understand why people enjoy looking at the stars at night.
I have had very little desire to try new kinds of foods.
I never have the desire to take off my shoes and walk through a puddle barefoot.
I've never cared much about the texture of food.
"When I have walked by a bakery, the smell of fresh bread has often made me hungry."
"I have often enjoyed receiving a strong, warm handshake."
I have often felt uncomfortable when my friends touch me.
I have never found a thunderstorm exhilarating.
Standing on a high place and looking out over the view is very exciting.
I have often found walks to be relaxing and enjoyable.
The sound of the rain falling on the roof has made me feel snug and secure.
I like playing with and petting soft little kittens or puppies.
The sound of organ music has often thrilled me.
Beautiful scenery has been a great delight to me.
The first winter snowfall has often looked pretty to me.
"Sex is okay, but not as much fun as most people claim it is."
I have sometimes danced by myself just to feel my body move with the music.
I have seldom cared to sing in the shower.
One food tastes as good as another to me.
"On seeing a soft, thick carpet, I have sometimes had the impulse to take off my shoes and walk barefoot on it."
"After a busy day, a slow walk has often felt relaxing."
The bright lights of a city are exciting to look at.
The beauty of sunsets is greatly overrated.
It has always made me feel good when someone I care about reaches out to touch me.
I have usually found soft music boring rather than relaxing.
I have usually finished my bath or shower as quickly as possible just to get it over with.
The smell of dinner cooking has hardly ever aroused my appetite.
"When I pass by flowers, I have often stopped to smell them."
Sex is the most intensely enjoyable thing in life.
I think that flying a kite is silly.
I've never cared to sunbathe; it just makes me hot.
The sounds of a parade have never excited me.
It has often felt good to massage my muscles when they are tired or sore.
"When I'm feeling a little sad, singing has often made me feel happier."
A good soap lather when I'm bathing has sometimes soothed and refreshed me.
A brisk walk has sometimes made me feel good all over.
I have been fascinated with the dancing of flames in a fireplace.
"If I burped loudly while having dinner at the house of someone I knew, I would be embarrassed."
Thinking things over too carefully can destroy half the fun of doing them.
"When I want something, delays are unbearable."
"I always let people know how I feel about them, even if it hurts them a little."
I avoid trouble whenever I can.
I frequently overeat and wonder why later.
I often do unusual things just to be different from other people.
I usually consider different viewpoints before making a decision.
I would probably purchase stolen merchandise if I knew it was safe.
It is important to save money.
I have had to invent some good excuses to get out of work or taking exams.
Most people say “please” and “thank you” more often than is necessary.
"My friends consider me to be a cool, controlled person."
I let go and yell a lot when I’m mad.
No one seems to understand me.
It would embarrass me a lot to have to spend a night in jail.
I rarely act on impulse.
My parents often objected to the kind of people I went around with.
I always stop at red lights.
People who drive carefully annoy me.
I usually find myself doing things 'on impulse'.
"In school, I sometimes got in trouble for cutting class."
I usually laugh out loud at clumsy people.
My way of doing things is apt to be misunderstood by others.
"When I really want something, I don't care how much it costs."
I have never been in trouble with the law.
It worries me if I know there are mistakes in my work.
I usually quit before finishing one activity in order to start something else.
Being in debt would worry me.
I think people spend too much time safeguarding their future with savings and insurance.
Long term goals are not as important for me as living for today.
Most people think of me as reckless.
I break rules just for the hell of it.
I like to use obscene language to shock people.
I liked to annoy my high school teachers.
I wouldn’t worry much if my bills were overdue.
I sometimes do dangerous things just for the thrill of it.
"I almost always do what makes me happy now, even at the expense of some distant goal."
"During one period when I was a youngster, I engaged in petty thievery."
Most of the mourners at funerals are just pretending to be sad.
I prefer being spontaneous rather than planning ahead.
I try to remember to send people birthday cards.
I find it difficult to remain composed when I get into an argument.
I usually control my feelings well.
"As often as once a month, I have become so angry that I have had to hit something or someone to relieve my anger."
I often get so mad that I lose track of some of the things I say.
I never get so angry I can't speak coherently.
I do many things that seem strange to others but don't seem strange to me.
I don't have much sympathy for people whom I can push around and manipulate easily.
"When I start out in the evening, I seldom know what I'll end up doing."
I usually act first and ask questions later.
I sometimes have had the feeling that some parts of my body are not attached to the same person.
Occasionally I have felt as though my body did not exist.
Sometimes people whom I know well begin to look like strangers.
My hearing is sometimes so sensitive that ordinary sounds become uncomfortable.
Often I have a day when indoor lights seem so bright that they bother my eyes.
My hands or feet have never seemed far away.
I have sometimes felt confused as to whether my body was really my own.
Sometimes I have felt that I could not distinguish my body from other objects around me.
I have felt that my body and another person's body were one and the same.
I have felt that something outside my body was a part of my body.
I sometimes have had the feeling that my body is abnormal.
"Now and then, when I look in the mirror, my face seems quite different than usual."
I have never had the passing feeling that my arms or legs have become longer than usual.
I have sometimes felt that some part of my body no longer belongs to me.
"Sometimes when I look at things like tables and chairs, they seem strange."
I have felt as though my head or limbs were somehow not my own.
Sometimes part of my body has seemed smaller than it usually is.
I have sometimes had the feeling that my body is decaying inside.
Occasionally it has seemed as if my body had taken on the appearance of another person’s body.
Ordinary colors sometimes seem much too bright to me.
Sometimes I have had a passing thought that some part of my body was rotting away.
I have sometimes had the feeling that one of my arms or legs is disconnected from the rest of my body.
It has seemed at times as if my body was melting into my surroundings.
I have never felt that my arms or legs have momentarily grown in size.
The boundaries of my body always seem clear.
Sometimes I have had feelings that I am united with an object near me.
Sometimes I have had the feeling that a part of my body is larger than it usually is.
I can remember when it seemed as though one of my limbs took on an unusual shape.
I have had the momentary feeling that my body has become misshapen.
I have had the momentary feeling that the things I touch remain attached to my body.
Sometimes I feel like everything around me is tilting.
I sometimes have to touch myself to make sure I’m still there.
Parts of my body occasionally seem dead or unreal.
At times I have wondered if my body was really my own.
For several days at a time I have had such a heightened awareness of sights and sounds that I cannot shut then out.
I consider myself to be pretty much an average kind of person.
It would make me nervous to play the clown in front of other people.
I am frequently so “hyper” that my friends kiddingly ask me what drug I’m taking.
I think I would make a good nightclub comedian.
Sometimes ideas and insights come to me so fast that I cannot express them all.
"When with groups of people, I usually prefer to let someone else be the center of attention."
"In unfamiliar surroundings, I am often so assertive and sociable that I surprise myself."
There are often times when I am so restless that it is impossible for me to sit still.
Many people consider me to be amusing but kind of eccentric.
"When I feel an emotion, I usually feel it with extreme intensity."
I am frequently in such high spirits that I can’t concentrate on any one thing for too long.
I sometimes have felt that nothing can happen to me until I do what I am meant to do in life.
People often come to me when they need a clever idea.
I am no more self-aware than the majority of people.
I often feel excited and happy for no apparent reason.
I can’t imagine that anyone would ever write a book about my life.
"I am usually in an average sort of mood, not too high and not too low."
I often have moods where I feel so energetic and optimistic that I feel I could outperform almost anyone at anything.
I have such a wide range of interests that I often don’t know what to do next.
There have often been times when I had such an excess of energy that I felt little need to sleep at night.
My moods do not seem to fluctuate any more than most people’s do.
I very frequently get into moods where I wish I could be everywhere and do everything at once.
I expect that someday I will succeed in several different professions.
"When I feel very excited and happy, I almost always know the reason why."
"When I go to a gathering where I don’t know anyone, it usually takes me a while to feel comfortable."
"I think I would make a good actor, because I can play many roles convincingly."
I like to have others think of me as a normal kind of person.
I frequently write down the thoughts and insights that come.
I have often persuaded groups of friends to do something really adventurous or crazy.
I would really enjoy being a politician and hitting the campaign trail.
I can usually slow myself down when I want to.
I am considered to be kind of a “hyper” person.
I often get so happy and energetic that I am almost giddy.
There are so many fields I could succeed in that it seems a shame to have to pick one.
I often get into moods where I feel like many of the rules of life don’t apply to me.
I find it easy to get others to become sexually interested in me.
I seem to be a person whose mood goes up and down easily.
I frequently find that my thoughts are racing.
I am so good at controlling others that it sometimes scares me.
"At social gatherings, I am usually the “life of the party”."
I do most of my best work during brief periods of intense inspiration.
I seem to have an uncommon ability to persuade and inspire others.
I have often been so excited about an involving project that I didn’t care about eating or sleeping.
I frequently get into moods where I feel very speeded-up and irritable.
I have often felt happy and irritable at the same time.
I often get into excited moods where it’s almost impossible for me to stop talking.
I would rather be an ordinary success in life than a spectacular failure.
"A hundred years after I’m dead, my achievements will probably have been forgotten."
Having close friends is not as important as many people say.
I attach very little importance to having close friends.
I prefer watching television to going out with other people.
A car ride is much more enjoyable if someone is with me.
I like to make long distance phone calls to friends and relatives.
Playing with children is a real chore.
I have always enjoyed looking at photographs of friends.
"Although there are things that I enjoy doing by myself, I usually seem to have more fun when I do things with other people."
I sometimes become deeply attached to people I spend a lot of time with.
People sometimes think that I am shy when I really just want to be left alone.
"When things are going really good for my close friends, it makes me feel good too."
"When someone close to me is depressed, it brings me down also."
My emotional responses seem very different from those of other people.
"When I am alone, I often resent people telephoning me or knocking on my door."
Just being with friends can make me feel really good.
"When things are bothering me, I like to talk to other people about it."
I prefer hobbies and leisure activities that do not involve other people.
It's fun to sing with other people.
Knowing that I have friends who care about me gives me a sense of security.
"When I move to a new city, I feel a strong need to make new friends."
People are usually better off if they stay aloof from emotional involvements with most others.
"Although I know I should have affection for certain people, I don't really feel it."
People often expect me to spend more time talking with them than I would like.
I feel pleased and gratified as I learn more and more about the emotional life of my friends.
"When others try to tell me about their problems and hang-ups, I usually listen with interest and attention."
I never had really close friends in high school.
"I am usually content to just sit alone, thinking and daydreaming."
I'm much too independent to really get involved with other people.
"There are few things more tiring than to have a long, personal discussion with someone."
It made me sad to see all my high school friends go their separate ways when high school was over.
"I have often found it hard to resist talking to a good friend, even when I have other things to do."
Making new friends isn't worth the energy it takes.
There are things that are more important to me than privacy.
People who try to get to know me better usually give up after awhile.
I could be happy living all alone in a cabin in the woods or mountains.
"If given the choice, I would much rather be with others than be alone."
I find that people too often assume that their daily activities and opinions will be interesting to me.
I don't really feel very close to my friends.
My relationships with other people never get very intense.
"In many ways, I prefer the company of pets to the company of people."
"On some mornings, I didn’t get out of bed immediately when I first woke up."
There have been a number of occasions when people I know have said hello to me.
There have been times when I have dialed a telephone number only to find that the line was busy.
"At times when I was ill or tired, I have felt like going to bed early."
On some occasions I have noticed that some other people are better dressed than myself.
Driving from New York to San Francisco is generally faster than flying between these cities.
I believe that most light bulbs are powered by electricity.
I go at least once every two years to visit either northern Scotland or same part of Scandinavia.
I cannot remember a time when I talked with someone who wore glasses.
"Sometimes when walking down the sidewalk, I have seen children playing."
I have never combed my hair before going out in the morning.
"I find that I often walk with a limp, which is the result of a skydiving accident."
I cannot remember a single occasion when I have ridden on a bus.
